# MAACS: Multihull Air Amphibious Carrier

The presidency of the defense industry (SSB) has revealed plans to develop a 300-meter long aircraft carrier. Autonomous cargo ships, also known as autonomous container ships or maritime autonomous surface ships (MASS), are crewless vessels that transport either containers or bulk cargo over navigable waters with little or no human interaction. A multihull is a boat or ship with more than one hull, whereas a vessel with a single hull is a monohull. A semi-submersible platform is a specialized marine vessel used in offshore roles including as offshore drilling rigs, safety vessels, oil production platforms, and heavy lift cranes. A heavy-lift ship is a vessel designed to move very large loads that cannot be transported by normal ships. BOKA Vanguard (formerly Dockwise Vanguard) is a semisubmersible heavy-lift ship. The most common multihulls are catamarans (with two hulls), and trimarans (with three hulls). LHD ships, or Landing Helicopter Docks, are multipurpose amphibious assault ships capable of operating as helicopter carriers and supporting landing crafts. They feature a well deck for launching and recovering landing craft and can carry a variety of aircraft, including helicopters and V/STOL (Vertical/Short Take-Off and Landing) aircraft. USNS Bethesda (T-EMS-1) will be the seventeenth overall Spearhead-class expeditionary fast transport, and first of her Expeditionary Medical Ship class. The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

CAD: For computer-aided design.
CAM: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
CAS: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.
